Rich Lowry, editor of the National Review, is doing an IAMA in /r/History.
Details inside. : politics



jump to content my subreddits AdviceAnimals announcements AskReddit askscience
aww bestof blog books EarthPorn explainlikeimfive funny gaming gifs IAmA
movies Music news pics science technology television todayilearned videos
worldnews WTF edit subscriptions front - all - random  | pics - funny - gaming
- AskReddit - worldnews - news - videos - IAmA - todayilearned - WTF - aww -
technology - AdviceAnimals - science - Music - movies - bestof - books -
EarthPorn - explainlikeimfive - gifs - television - askscience -
leagueoflegends - cringepics - politics - pokemon - 4chan - reactiongifs -
Minecraft - MakeupAddiction - breakingbad - gentlemanboners - DotA2 - atheism
- soccer - conspiracy - futurama - fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu - woahdude - australia
- Android - nfl - ffxiv - teenagers - starcraft - cats - skyrim - Unexpected -
mylittlepony more » politics comments related other discussions (1) want to
join? login or register  in seconds | English limit my search to /r/politics
use the following search parameters to narrow your results: subreddit:
subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author: username find submissions by
"username" site: example.com find submissions from "example.com" url: text
search for "text" in url selftext: text search for "text" in self post
contents self:yes (or self:no) include (or exclude) self posts nsfw:yes (or
nsfw:no) include (or exclude) results marked as NSFW e.g. subreddit:aww
site:imgur.com dog see the search faq for details. advanced search: by author,
subreddit... this post was submitted on  05 Sep 2013 10  points  (58% like it)
35  upvotes  25  downvotes shortlink:  remember me reset password login Submit
a new link politics subscribe unsubscribe 3,126,096  readers 1,396  users here
now The place for current U.S. politics. For non-U.S. politics and news please
consider: /r/WorldNews ( N ) /r/WorldPolitics /r/InternationalPolitics .
Please Do Not : Create your own title for link submissions, or they may be
removed. Your headline should match the article's headline exactly, and/or
quote the article to accurately represent the content of your submission. >
Post Self-Posts, except on Saturdays. On all other days they should be
submitted to /r/PoliticalDiscussion . > Post links to active polls or
petitions. > Manipulate comments and posts via group voting, which is against
reddit TOS - such content will be removed, and repeat offenders will be
banned. > Use "BREAKING" in your titles. (*) as they will be removed. > Post
users' personal information (*) as they will be removed. > Submit links to
wiki, images, memes, Facebook, tumblr, or twitter. Political cartoons and
detailed info-graphics should be linked to their original sources. > Submit
spam and/or blog spam. > Report a submission just because you don't like it.
The report function is only for spam and inappropriate content. If you report
something, please message the moderators as to the reason you feel it is
inappropriate. Use link shorteners or redirectors, or use ALL CAPS. > Please
remember to observe proper reddiquette . If you think your submission has been
erroneously removed , please message the moderators . Please remember to
include a permalink to your submission. The /r/Politics Wiki Register To Vote
Other related subreddits worth considering: /r/Agorism /r/AlltheLeft
/r/AmericanGovernment /r/AmericanPolitics /r/Anarchism /r/AnarchistNews
/r/Anarcho_Capitalism /r/Anonymous /r/AntiWar /r/AnythingGoesNews
/r/Ask_Politics /r/Austrian_Economics /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut /r/Business
/r/CanadaPolitics /r/Cascadia /r/Communism /r/Conservative (May Go Private)
/r/Conservatives /r/Conspiracy /r/Conspiratard /r/DebateaCommunist
/r/DebateCommunism /r/Democracy /r/Democrats /r/Demsocialist
/r/DescentIntoTyranny /r/Economics /r/EnoughObamaspam /r/EnoughPaulspam
/r/EndlessWar /r/Environment /r/EvolutionReddit /r/FirstAmendment
/r/FuturistParty /r/GaryJohnson /r/GeoPolitics /r/Good_Cop_Free_Donut /r/Greed
/r/Green /r/Green_Anarchism /r/GreenParty /r/GunPolitics /r/GunsAreCool
/r/InternationalBusiness /r/InternationalPolitics /r/IWantOut /r/IWW
/r/Justice /r/Labor /r/Liberal /r/Libertarian /r/LibertarianDebates
/r/LibertarianLeft /r/LibertarianMeme /r/Liberty /r/ModeratePolitics
/r/NeoProgs /r/NeutralPolitics /r/New_Right /r/News /r/Obama /r/Objectivism
/r/OccupyWallStreet Open Source Democracy Foundation /r/PaleoConservative New
/r/Paul /r/PirateParty /r/PoliticalDiscussion /r/PoliticalFactChecking
/r/PoliticalHumor /r/Pragmatism /r/Privacy /r/ProChoice /r/Progressive
/r/ProGun /r/RandPaul /r/Republican /r/Republicans /r/RepublicOfPolitics
/r/RestoreTheFourth /r/Romney /r/RonPaul /r/SocialCitizens /r/SocialDemocracy
/r/Socialism /r/SOPA /r/StateoftheUnion /r/UKPolitics /r/USPolitics
/r/WatchingCongress /r/Wikileaks /r/WorldEvents ALL OF THE ABOVE Requirement
for sidebar listing: 1000 subscribers. Reddits without monthly traffic will be
removed without notice. Full list of related subreddits, including those under
1000 subscribers The moderators of /r/Politics reserve the right to moderate
posts and comments at their discretion. Follow us at twitter This subreddit is
night mode compatible created by spez a community for 6 years message the
moderators MODERATORS BritishEnglishPolice qgyh2 doug3465 anutensil
maxwellhill luster Raerth Samuel_Gompers KennyLog-in DEADB33F ...and 12 more »
1 9 10 11 Rich Lowry, editor of the National Review, is doing an IAMA in
/r/History. Details inside.  ( self.politics ) submitted 18 hours  ago by
PoliticsMod  - stickied post For those who are interested, Rich Lowry, editor
of the National Review, is doing an IAMA in /r/History . Click here to visit
the thread. Thanks! 25 comments share cancel all 25 comments sorted by: best
best top new hot controversial old random [+] HarryBridges  6 points 7 points
8 points  14 hours  ago  (4 children) [-] HarryBridges  6 points 7 points 8
points  14 hours  ago Going from Buckley to Lowry is a major step down. It
would be like The Paris Review replacing Plimpton with the Stephanie Meyer.
permalink save [+] moxy800  0 points 1 point 2 points  8 hours  ago  (3
children) [-] moxy800  0 points 1 point 2 points  8 hours  ago I don't know
anything about Lowry, but if that POS William F. Buckley was that much better
he must be REALLY pathetic. permalink save parent [+] HarryBridges  3 points 4
points 5 points  8 hours  ago  (2 children) [-] HarryBridges  3 points 4
points 5 points  8 hours  ago The point is that Buckley was universally
acknowledged as a public intellectual and a pretty formidable advocate for
conservatism, whereas Lowry is a complete hack. permalink save parent [+]
veryloudnoises  [score hidden]  50 minutes  ago  (1 child) [-] veryloudnoises
[score hidden]  50 minutes  ago I had to respect Buckley shirking his father's
legacy by sticking to his guns back when he left NR, no matter my
disagreements with some of his political views. permalink save parent [+]
dsmith422  [score hidden]  3 minutes  ago  (0 children) [-] dsmith422  [score
hidden]  3 minutes  ago Christopher Buckley left after he endorsed Obama, but
he only wrote a column. He did not have editorial control. permalink save
parent [+] moisthanky  16 points 17 points 18 points  17 hours  ago  (4
children) [-] moisthanky  16 points 17 points 18 points  17 hours  ago Richard
Lowry is one of the keenest minds of the conservative movement. His writing
routinely demonstrates a firm grasp of the national-political zeitgeist. Par
exemple, this prescient nugget from October 2008: "I'm sure I'm not the only
male in America who, when Palin dropped her first wink, sat up a little
straighter on the couch and said, 'Hey, I think she just winked at me.' And
her smile. By the end, when she clearly knew she was doing well, it was so
sparkling it was almost mesmerizing. It sent little starbursts through the
screen and ricocheting around the living rooms of America. This is a quality
that can't be learned; it's either something you have or you don't, and man,
she's got it." permalink save [+] erveek  12 points 13 points 14 points  16
hours  ago  (0 children) [-] erveek  12 points 13 points 14 points  16 hours
ago If that gushing fanboyism is the product of one of the conservative
movement's keenest minds... That explains so much. permalink save parent [+]
JeffTXD  4 points 5 points 6 points  16 hours  ago  (0 children) [-] JeffTXD
4 points 5 points 6 points  16 hours  ago He's also kind of a shithead.
permalink save parent [+] jopesy  3 points 4 points 5 points  15 hours  ago
(0 children) [-] jopesy  3 points 4 points 5 points  15 hours  ago That'a what
poppin a boner at sixty feels like. The death of his prostate. permalink save
parent [+] Phokus  0 points 1 point 2 points  15 hours  ago  (0 children) [-]
Phokus  0 points 1 point 2 points  15 hours  ago lol permalink save parent [+]
afisher123  6 points 7 points 8 points  16 hours  ago  (0 children) [-]
afisher123  6 points 7 points 8 points  16 hours  ago Sorry, I have to sort my
sock drawer. permalink save [+] Theamazinghanna  7 points 8 points 9 points
18 hours  ago  (1 child) [-] Theamazinghanna  7 points 8 points 9 points  18
hours  ago I wish the National Review was history. permalink save [+]
baconatedwaffle  1 point 2 points 3 points  16 hours  ago  (0 children) [-]
baconatedwaffle  1 point 2 points 3 points  16 hours  ago I like how they
pulled a 180 on Ayn Rand. permalink save parent [+] veryshiny  3 points 4
points 5 points  14 hours  ago  (1 child) [-] veryshiny  3 points 4 points 5
points  14 hours  ago Nobody fucking cares about stickies, how do I hide them?
permalink save [+] garyp714  2 points 3 points 4 points  13 hours  ago  (0
children) [-] garyp714  2 points 3 points 4 points  13 hours  ago There is
literally a 'hide' button under every submission. permalink save parent [+] I
-Buried-Paul  5 points 6 points 7 points  17 hours  ago  (7 children) [-] I
-Buried-Paul  5 points 6 points 7 points  17 hours  ago Why are comments here
being deleted? Which Mod is deleting them? Who authorized this "sticky?" Why
do Mods refuse to address the issues raised in previous "sticky" posts, yet
claim that the "community" has not only endorsed, but requested all of their
recent actions, including pulling stories from the new section and banning
users? Is this part of the ongoing "Community Outreach" effort? Will any of
these questions be addressed? permalink save [+] Raerth [ M ]  2 points 3
points 4 points  17 hours  ago  (2 children) [-] Raerth [ M ]  2 points 3
points 4 points  17 hours  ago Comments here are not being deleted. This
sticky was requested by the mods of /r/history via modmail, and the mods of
/r/politics agreed. There was one previous sticky, which was deleted because
it had a typo . There were no "issues" raised in that sticky. This is not part
of the "Community Outreach", but an announcement of something we thought would
be of interest to /r/politics subscribers. permalink save parent [+] I-Buried-
Paul  -1 points 0 points 1 point  12 hours  ago  (0 children) [-] I-Buried-
Paul  -1 points 0 points 1 point  12 hours  ago What happened to my response?
Are the Mods now shadowbanning those who ask questions? Another post that "was
not deleted": Thank you, Mod Raerth, for your timely response; and to all
Mods: we'd all like to see changes in /r/politics [1] , but what has been
going on here in /r/politics [2] is not so much in the spirit of "Community
Outreach" than it has been in the spirit of "The Beer Hall Putsch." I know I
and many other /r/politics [3] members would like to see the concerns we have
raised in the previous sticky "Community Outreach" posts addressed. As one of
your fellow Mods has stated "the community has requested that we do so" as
justification for the new vigilantism to which some Mods have resorted. What
evidence is there to support this "New Vigilantism" among a certain subset of
Mods? What evidence is there "the community has requested we do so" available,
apart from cherry-picked quotes waved as banners (while clear voices of
dissent are merely ignored?) When can we expect a proper community forum in
which we will see our concerns addressed? Thank you. permalink save parent [+]
I-Buried-Paul  -2 points -1 points 0 points  14 hours  ago  (0 children) [-] I
-Buried-Paul  -2 points -1 points 0 points  14 hours  ago Thank you, Mod
Raerth, for your timely response; and to all Mods: we'd all like to see
changes in /r/politics , but what has been going on here in /r/politics is not
so much in the spirit of "Community Outreach" than it has been in the spirit
of "The Beer Hall Putsch." I know I and many other /r/politics members would
like to see the concerns we have raised in the previous sticky "Community
Outreach" posts addressed. As one of your fellow Mods has stated "the
community has requested that we do so" as justification for the new
vigilantism to which some Mods have resorted. What evidence is there to
support this "New Vigilantism" among a certain subset of Mods? What evidence
is there "the community has requested we do so" available, apart from cherry-
picked quotes waved as banners (while clear voices of dissent are merely
ignored?) When can we expect a proper community forum in which we will see our
concerns addressed? Thank you. permalink save parent [+] baconatedwaffle  3
points 4 points 5 points  16 hours  ago *  (3 children) [-] baconatedwaffle  3
points 4 points 5 points  16 hours  ago * I wish the mods would fucking ban
you for your endless, off topic spamming no one gives a damn about your
personal vendetta edit - are you from /r/conspiracy ? if so, I like how you
assholes go on and on about censorship and free discussion, yet don't allow
unvetted people to post or vote in your subreddit. that's super awesome and
not pathetically hypocritical at all permalink save parent [+] I-Buried-Paul
-3 points -2 points -1 points  15 hours  ago  (2 children) [-] I-Buried-Paul
-3 points -2 points -1 points  15 hours  ago Another ringing "community"
endorsement for PaulSpam and Koch AstroTurf! 2014 and 2016 are sure going to
be fun. permalink save parent [+] baconatedwaffle  2 points 3 points 4 points
14 hours  ago  (1 child) [-] baconatedwaffle  2 points 3 points 4 points  14
hours  ago You are hearing shit I did not say. Or have ever said. I doubt very
much mine is the post history of a supply side partisan permalink save parent
[+] I-Buried-Paul  -1 points 0 points 1 point  14 hours  ago  (0 children) [-]
I-Buried-Paul  -1 points 0 points 1 point  14 hours  ago I never said you did.
What I'm addressing is the "new" /r/politics . As I recall without looking up
specifics, your posts are fair and well-reasoned. As such, I would hope you
would join me in asking for accountability among the Mods of /r/politics ,
especially when they claim to speak for "the community." Please see elsewhere
in thread. permalink save parent [+] joechmeaux  1 point 2 points 3 points  17
hours  ago  (0 children) [-] joechmeaux  1 point 2 points 3 points  17 hours
ago I wish rich lowry would crawl back under the rock he came from. What an
asshole he is. permalink save [+] asdjrocky  -3 points -2 points -1 points  18
hours  ago  (0 children) [-] asdjrocky  -3 points -2 points -1 points  18
hours  ago History? Not so much. permalink save about blog about team source
code advertise help wiki FAQ reddiquette rules contact us tools mobile firefox
extension chrome extension buttons widget <3 reddit gold store redditgifts
reddit.tv radio reddit Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User
Agreement  and Privacy Policy . (C) 2013 reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. close this
window you'll need to login or register to do that create a new account all it
takes is a username and password privacy philosophy we limit data collected
about you and your use of the platform, your personal information is never for
sale, we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the
platform, but we never disclose it for any other reason unless required by
law. for more information, see our privacy policy . username: try another
available! account recovery email:  (optional) we only send email at your
request password: verify password: remember me create account is it really
that easy? only one way to find out... login already have an account and just
want to login? username: password: remember me recover password login close
this window interface language English [en] العربية [ar] (*) Беларуская мова
[be] (*) български език [bg] (*) català [ca] (*) česky [cs] dansk [da] (*)
Deutsch [de] Ελληνικά [el] English (Australia) [en-au] (*) English (Canadian)
[en-ca] (*) English (Great Britain) [en-gb] English [en-us] (*) Esperanto [eo]
(*) español [es] español [es-ar] eesti keel [et] (*) Euskara [eu] فارسی [fa]
(*) suomi [fi] (*) français [fr] עברית [he] (*) मानक हिन्दी [hi] (*) hrvatski
[hr] Magyar [hu] (*) Հայերեն լեզու [hy] (*) Bahasa Indonesia [id] (*) íslenska
[is] (*) italiano (Italy) [it] 日本語 [ja] (*) 한국어 [ko] (*) Latin [la] (*) 1337
[leet] LOL [lol] (*) lietuvių kalba [lt] (*) latviešu valoda [lv] (*)
Nederlands [nl] Nynorsk [nn] Norsk [no] Arrrrrrrr! [pir] (*) polski [pl] (*)
português [pt] (*) português [pt-pt] (*) română [ro] (*) русский [ru] (*)
slovenčina [sk] (*) slovenščina [sl] (*) српски језик [sr] Srpski [sr-la] (*)
Svenska [sv] (*) தமிழ் [ta] (*) ภาษาไทย [th] (*) Türkçe [tr] (*) українська
мова [uk] (*) Tiếng Việt [vi] (*) 中文 [zh] (*)  (*) incomplete  volunteer to
translate content language all languages some languages العربية עברית polski
Беларуская мова मानक हिन्दी português български език hrvatski română català
Magyar русский česky Հայերեն լեզու slovenčina dansk Bahasa Indonesia
slovenščina Deutsch íslenska српски језик Ελληνικά italiano (Italy) Svenska
English 日本語 தமிழ் Esperanto 한국어 ภาษาไทย español Latin Türkçe eesti keel
lietuvių kalba українська мова Euskara latviešu valoda Tiếng Việt فارسی
Nederlands 中文 suomi Nynorsk français Norsk π Rendered by PID 6315 on app-200
at 2013-09-06 13:03:20.732650+00:00 running 88dde57.

